All right so we're going to jump in now and start to create our theme.
But before we get into WordPress we're going to first map out and just create the design using HDMI
and see SS Okay.
So usually when you're building a WordPress theme or a droop for Joomla theme something like that you
can usually create the design first using just static HDMI out in the process.
So what I have here is just an empty folder called Advanced W.P. aged him out and we're going to create
a couple of files here.
First we're going to create an index dart HTL file and we'll create our style sheet which will just
be style Dotsie assets.
All right.
So let's go ahead and open these with sublime
and we're just going to add in our core HMO markup here for a title will say advanced W.P. theme and
I'd see we're going to put in a link to our style sheet
and put in HGF attribute that's going to go to style dot css.
All right.
And then down in the body we're going to create our mock up to do the header.
They we're using each team of five syntax or using a header tag and let's create a div with the class
of container
and then inside that we're going to have an H one.
And I will just say in advance WordPress theme of course when we actually create the Wordpress theme
this will be dynamic and you will be able to change it from within the admin area.
But for now we're just going to stick some static text in there.
All right.
Now let's see next to the H-1 we're going to have another div and we're going to give this the class
of H right for head are right.
And this is where our search forms are going to go.
So for now we'll just put a form tag and an input
will give it a placeholder we'll just say search.
All right.
So that's the header.
So let's go underneath that.
Now we're going to create navigation.
I mean these are now tagged with the class of NAV.
Actually that's too.
Yeah will do.
Nav. in them will do me now.
All right.
And then here we're going to have a well
actually outside the well I want to do a div with the class container just to move everything towards
the center
.
And then here will put some ally tags and some links
Ok will do.
Home about let's say Services real changes to about's we're not actually going to have a services page
.
I will do one about page just so we have some perspective on using on an page.
So index will be the the post the blog posts about will be just regular page.
OK so that's the navigation underneath that.
Let's do DiVall give it a class of container and let's also give it a class of content.
And then inside there we're going to have
the div it's going to have class Main and we're also going to give it a class of block
and block is going to be a class that we can use all around the site we can use it for widgets as well
.
It's just going to have some padding and also border.
Right now in here we're going to have our main post so each post will have an article tag with a class
of post.
Ok so in here we're going to have a paragraph that's going to have a class of matter and that's where
things like the date of the Post the author name things like will go.
All right.
And like I said this might change a little bit as far as the format when we actually build the Wordpress
theme.
For now we're just going to say posted at 11 o'clock on May 9th by admin.
OK so it all looks something like that.
And then we just need some content.
Actually we need a title.
Yeah the title should actually go right here.
So for the title put an age to it was just a blog post one.
And then let's just get some content real quick.
It's
just going to generate some warm ipsum
and I'm just going to add subparagraph paragraph tags to this
.
All right so there's our content.
So next thing we need after that is a read more button.
So we're going to do a link.
We're going to give it a class of foughten.
It's not going to go anywhere for now.
All right.
And then what I'll do is copy this article post and we'll just pasted two more times
.
All right.
So we want to take a look at it.
It's not going all too pretty yet.
All right.
So now we'll do a footer.
So we want to go to the end of this this div right here which should be the last day of the.
And then we'll do is we'll put a foot or tag.
And let's give this a class as well.
A main footer.
And that's going to have a container
and in the container.
We're going to have a left side and a right side of the footer.
So say give class left.
I don't know why the my my editor stopped indenting on its own not sure what's going on that
day.
So be f right.
OK.
So on the left side we're just going to have a paragraph that will have a copyright.
And then on the right side we're actually going to have another menu.
So I'm going to copy what we have up here.
When I copy just the UL
I will put that right there
.
So that should do it as far as the markup for the each team now area of a foreigner down there.
It looks pretty horrible but that's because we have no styling in the next part of this section or this
lecture.
We're going to add the CSX.
OK so I will see you then.